## Date
2023-08-29 1900-2100

## Venue
WeWork 21 Collyer Quay, Singapore

## Event Details

3rd monthly meetup we made it for August, before a crazy month for web3 in Sep! 

## 1900-1920: Food & Drinks, 

## 1920-2050 Talk 1 : Practical Meta-Transactions by Zac @ Suberra
Enable gasless experience for your users, meta-transactions are wrapped transactions that allows on-chain submission by a 3rd party.

## 2000-2010 Sharing: Sharing on Tribe / Angelhack hackathons by Irwin @Tribe


## 2010-2040 Talk2: Hacking with Filecoin & IPFS in hackathons by Vincent @ Pedia Lab

Tony and Vincent will be sharing his experience hacking in ETHGlobal Paris Hackathon & ETHGlobal Superhack

Tony with teammates Kenneth built HedgeHog which is a DeFi protocol that hedges against the inherit impermanent loss of Uniswap liquidity pools using NFTs. 
It won the Best use of Cartesi

https://ethglobal.com/showcase/hedgehog-protocol-ku1pt 
Technologies used: Cartesi, Wallet Connect

Vincent with 3 teammates built Delegative, to support DAOs to carry out private voting in a liquid democracy manner,
 so as to delegative voting poewr to trusted individuals or domain experts for more effective goverance. 

https://ethglobal.com/showcase/delegative-wwptp

It won the Best prize of ApeCoin DAO, also topp 5 of sismo and pool prize of the team

Technologies used: Sismo, MINA, the Graph, Ethereum Attestation service

Vincent with teammate also built AutoMicroGrant at Superhack, a smart contract powered grant that winners of the fund is able to get the money once he is attested by a judge with qualified reputation score

https://ethglobal.com/showcase/automicrogrant-0g0b7

Technologies used: Worldcoin, Ethereum Attestation service

## 2030-2100 Talk3: TBC / Networking

Join our community on discord to learn more: https://discord.com/invite/wVDEm7jzJe

Thanks Tribe for supporting the venue!

Additional Speakers for future meetups welcome! Expense is expected to be covered by the Community Treasury (Gnosis Safe). Also welcome sponsor and contributions, please reach out to debuggingfuture#2372 at discord.

## Channels
